---
title:  "GoSayan: Become an expert in Golang in your freetime"
date:   2017-02-10 15:04:23
categories: [technical]
tags: [Golang, Coding]
---

I have received many questions about a new project that I have created called
[GoSayan](https://github.com/GoSayan), so I decided to write a blog post about it.


### What is GoSayan?
Needless to say that GoSayan is a project I started to work on as a hobby in my
free time.

So I am a "learn by doing" kind of person, even when I was learning Golang, I tried coding as many stub projects as I could, however, there is a limit to the amount of knowledge I can acquire because I have another life to live :D. Therefore, I though why not crowd-source the learning process and share it with the whole community, and thats the when I thought about GoSayan (inspired by Commitmas for Git).

The goal is of [GoSayan](https://github.com/GoSayan) is to come up with ideas for coding projects . And then code it together taking into consideration good patterns and incorporating topics such as:

- CI / CD
- Messaging
- Networking
- Web developement
- API developement or usage
- DBMS
- ... and more

The [GoSayan](https://github.com/GoSayan) project contains many sub-projects, each with a different focus. For example, the GoDocker repository should be a project that follows the best patterns for using go in with Docker. The repository  should have moderators (experts) and contributers (mainly people who want to learn how write good Go code). At the end, we will end up with a useful go-docker project that followed best practices and patterns for building go-docker applications, which other people can use as a reference. We can build more than one application of course :)


### What do we need to get going?

- Experts in every topic who are willing to moderate
- Code Contributers (anyone can contribute)

### How to Contribute?

Just fork the repository of a project of your choice, build the structure if you didn't find one (following the best practices), and start hacking. If you would like to become a moderator let me know (please).

You can find a list of the template projects available [here](https://github.com/GoSayan/GoProfessional)

I would like to end this post with this quote "The force of the community is strong"

Kamehame..
